NoSql Databases have some pros and some cons. I will try to scratch the surface here knowing there are books
that compare the "two" types of databases.

PROS

1) Less need for ETL

NoSQL databases support storing data “as is.” Key value stores give you the ability to store simple data structures,
whereas document NoSQL databases provide you with the ability to handle a range of flat or nested structures.
Most of the data flying between systems does so as a message. Typically, the data takes one of these formats:XML,JSON,binary

2) Support for unstructured text

Being able to manage unstructured text greatly increases information and can help organizations make better decisions.
For example, advanced uses include support for multiple languages with facetted search, snippet functionality,
and word-stemming support. Advanced features also include support for dictionaries and thesauri.

3) Ability to handle change over time

Because of the schema agnostic nature of NoSQL databases, they’re very capable of managing change — you don’t have
to rewrite ETL routines if the XML message structure between systems changes.

4) No reliance on SQL magic

Structured Query Language (SQL) is the predominant language used to query relational database management systems.
Being able to structure queries so that they perform well has over the years become a thorny art.
Complex multitable joins are not easy to write from memory.

5) Ability to scale horizontally

NoSQL databases handle partitioning (sharding) of a database across several servers.
So, if your data storage requirements grow too much, you can continue to add inexpensive
servers and connect them to your database cluster (horizontal scaling) making them work as a single data service.

6) Functionality

Bacause there is a number of NoSql databases and they have different functionality there is
always one that suits you best, and all of them have different functionality than the standard Relational databases.

7) Support for multiple data structures

NoSQL databases provide support for a range of data structures.

8) Speed

Because NoSql databases does not have the need to join tables they tend to be much faster than relational databases.
This enables the use of vast amount of data.

More info about pros can be obtained here: http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/10-advantages-of-nosql-over-rdbms.html

CONS

1) Less Mature

In contrast, most of the NoSQL database alternatives have just barely made it out of the pre-production stages,
and there are many important features that have not yet been implemented. It’s an exciting prospect for a developer
to be teetering on the cutting edge of technology, but caution must be exercised to avoid any disastrous consequences.

2) Less support

Each NoSQL database in contrast tends to be open-source, with just one or two firms handling the support angle.
Many of them have been developed by smaller startups which lack the resources to fund support on a global scale,
and also the credibility that the established RDBMS vendors like Oracle, IBM and Microsoft enjoy.

3) Business intelligence and analytics

Simple queries require some programming knowledge, and the most common business intelligence tools that
many enterprises rely on do not offer connectivity to NoSQL databases. However, this may be solved in time,
seeing as some tools like PIG or HIVE have been created to offer ad-hoc query functionality for NoSQL databases.

4) No common language

Since NoSql databases come in variates they do not have a common language with which you could query your database.



